nice evening without television hazards at the same time in the form of madrid based
basketball selection
for the moment once the bullfighting fair for the confirmation of the
salamanca in the helmántico all that state
in a calamitous start allows the puppies of the cameras with all
justice the first blow in the 14th minute south deraa center
improve inside the premises but pompei
in the second part with the entry of German clubs were concession
but the occasions shone by their absence
while trying from the front
and if you were going to go after a great play from his team the genoa
speed of a state completely spaces
11 - the salamanca puts more impetus than head once more its gold of the house
of hope the native clipper that costs him the expulsion and the
own Brazilian player was in charge of scoring
there were three minutes left by the end of the first half when they were not
enough to tie
specifically a motion for it as is the problem
as for game I think that
that we have been a little more comfortable than days ago explained with
a lot of pressure still there in this one
in this sense a match
that we have already given you many options
Unlike
Pink as planned
the party thermometers for at least 25 minutes
the draw came late almost everyone liked too much traditions or separated
then receive
the ball there its tremendous need not
a victory in five days a point at home of nine possible and returned to
the descent stations
they demand immediate measures to reconvert a critical situation
the players themselves kept the talk at the conclusion of the meeting
a kind of painting on Wednesday the exercise
reveal service
among the people who went to the people
it is wrong and it is clear what you think is spoken well what has been said can
well in an hour or so trying to encourage people by saying that this can but
we can grain and managed to prove its not only two points the defeat before the
athletic workshops on wet a match in which the opponent made more
merits that the salamanca in the explanations of the players no longer
are convincing pointed vow or not to remove our partners cost us a
little bit
both were few
cited to a spark not a the field was slow has not gone little by little our
successful after the rebound of the 60 that are many to be as was football all
I think god put maybe scored is a little bit that balta not announce changes and
begins to understand that, above all, the points must be advanced
even a philosopher like stark have tended to be in charge for the victories
from the beginning and that he was caught when they turned their backs on him
channel a bit a proposal
the cost of the end we have as they are only better you have to pick up and change a
bit
the very good script
with your choice we recover from the grosso frames and we will see from the
match from which you see all the best football equipment products
changes that give rise to few illusions
jeremic left more shadows than lights at the start of league and frames is not for
play if you are forced maybe there is a new version of delays promise your
fine tunning
the moment of serene analysis arrives